In Saint Louis University's Master of Science in Analytics program, you will learn to design and implement analytics projects to solve complex organizational problems through statistical and analytical techniques for analyzing datasets of various sizes. Through your coursework studying analytics at SLU, you'll gain project management and decision-making skills and learn how to communicate the intricacies of complex data more effectively.  

Along the way, you’ll learn from a network of diverse peers from around the world, merging technology with human and organizational structures as you engage in knowledge discovery, management and dissemination of industry-critical knowledge. 

You can also earn a graduate certificate that complements a master’s degree, often without taking additional credits, allowing you to tailor the program to your specific interests.

As part of the School for Professional Studies, this 33-credit master's program offers data-driven professionals like you a flexible option to meet your career goals. With multiple start terms, you can begin the master's program in the fall or spring. You will join a community of academics and practitioners from a wide range of subjects and professional backgrounds, providing the opportunity to learn from a network of peers. 

The 100% online program offers flexible courses in eight-week terms, making advanced education more accessible for working professionals. The on-campus version of this program, created so that international students can meet their visa requirements, is also offered in flexible terms.

SLU's M.S. in analytics provides students with skills in data mining, data visualization, predictive analytics, design and implementation of analytics projects and data management. Graduates from this program are ready to discover the patterns within large quantities of data and provide insightful recommendations that inform organizational decision-making.

Recent trends in the job market data and experts’ predictions indicate that the job market for data analytics, business analytics and similar skill sets will continue to grow.